1.chmod o+x to make sure images are viewable
2.mark on ed and submit on edit 

Category	Marks 
Technical                                    [ validated? meets requirements? uses CSS for styles? ]	    7
Quality  (from peers)                 [ pleasant to look at? easy to use? ..]	    4
CommentsPage (from peers)   [ detail of your Comments page on your design ]	    8
Peer Marking                             [ your participation, and quality of your feedback to peers ]	    6
TOTAL:	  25



Requirements
HTML 5
CSS 3
No embedded styles (including deprecated tags such as font or formatting attributes) or use of @import.  ALL styles must be in websystems.css .
You must provide navigation between pages using HTML hyperlinks.
At least:
5 CSS classes
1 CSS id
1 div
1 span
1 table (NOT CSS tables)
1 list (any one of ordered, unordered, definition)
1 image  (should not be large, e.g.  over 1MB in size)

make font sizes reasonable, use style sheets to manage them.
if your tutor or peer marker can't read it, you will lose marks:
don't use bad colour combinations (for example, red on black, purple on black, purple on red, blue on purple, black on red)
recommend a maximum screen size should be 1024x768
do not make pages so wide that they can't be read unless you scroll horizontally
do not have large image or font files - keep pictures to less than 100kb, larger ones may attract penalties and/or create problems for the Ed workspace. - pay attention to the checker output

Robustness

you MUST test your web site with graphics and Javascript turned off. Is it still usable? Firefox is the ideal browser to do this.
you SHOULD check your web site on at two of the browsers - Chrome, Firefox, Safari and/or Microsoft Edge
watch out for large JPG files from cameras - use a tool to reduce the size e.g. Microsoft Paint or Photoshop or GIMP
do not use BMP or TIF files - these are not web friendly
Use available testing

use the Check testing within Ed, don't rest until all errors are gone ! and you at least understand (most) warnings, why would you submit when you Know it has errors?! 
there are deductions for errors, warnings and access errors:    Error: -0.5,   Warning: -0.2,  CSS Errors: -0.2,   Access: (embedded style):  -0.1  per item. 
total warning deductions are capped, and negative marks are not possible 
but do NOT rely on the Ed web preview function for final testing!  you must submit versions via Check and later Mark early to allow yourself time to address any issues that become apparent when the page is `live' - you may need several iterations to fix all errors.  Don't submit first, then only notice errors after the deadline!!